h1. Arduino library for the Pololu A4990 Dual Motor Driver Shield for Arduino

Version: 1.0.0
Release Date: 2014-08-14
"www.pololu.com":http://www.pololu.com/

h2. Summary

This is a library for the "Arduino":http://pololu.com/catalog/product/2191 that interfaces with the "Pololu A4990 Dual Motor Driver Shield for Arduino":http://www.pololu.com/catalog/product/2512. It makes it simple to drive two brushed, DC motors.

h2. Getting Started

h3. Software

Download the archive from "GitHub":https://github.com/pololu/a4990-motor-shield, decompress it, and drag the "A4990MotorShield" folder to your arduino-xx/libraries directory. Then restart the Arduino environment, so the libraries can be updated to include the library and its examples.

h3. Hardware

The Pololu A4990 Dual Motor Driver Shield for Arduino can be purchased on "Pololu's website":http://www.pololu.com/catalog/product/2512.

h2. Example Program

h3. Demo

Open this example code sketch by selecting File->Examples->A4990MotorShield->A4990MotorShieldDemo.

The demo ramps motor 1 from stopped to full speed forward, ramps down to full speed reverse, and back to stopped. Then, it does the same with the other motor.

h2. Library Reference

- @A4990MotorShield()@ := Default constructor, selects the default pins as connected by the motor shield.

- @void init()@ := Initialize pinModes and timer1. This method should be called in the Arduino init method.
   
- @void setM1Speed(int speed)@ := Set speed and direction for motor 1. Speed should be between -400 and 400. 400 corresponds to motor current flowing from M1A to M1B. -400 corresponds to motor current flowing from M1B to M1A.
- @void setM2Speed(int speed)@ := Set speed and direction for motor 2. Speed should be between -400 and 400. 400 corresponds to motor current flowing from M2A to M2B. -400 corresponds to motor current flowing from M2B to M2A.
- @void setSpeeds(int m1Speed, int m2Speed)@ := Set speed and direction for motor 1 and 2. 

- @void flipM1(bool flip)@ := Flip the direction meaning of the speed passed to the setSpeeds function for motor 1.  The default direction corresponds to flipM1(false) having been called.
- @void flipM2(bool flip)@ := Flip the direction meaning of the speed passed to the setSpeeds function for motor 2.  The default direction corresponds to flipM2(false) having been called.

- @bool getFault()@ := Returns true if pin 6 is being driven low by one of the error flag outputs. init() enable pin 6's internal pull-up resistor.

h2. Version History

* 1.0.0 (2014-08-14): Original release.